logging: Prevent multiple arguments evaluation (take 2) (#42686)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: tests/subsys/logging/log_stack/CMakeLists.txt

# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.20.0)
find_package(Zephyr REQUIRED HINTS $ENV{ZEPHYR_BASE})
project(log_stack)

> target_sources(app PRIVATE src/main.c src/maincxx.cxx)

Reviewer: I believe if you update `test.yaml` to have tests where `CONFIG_CPLUSPLUS=y` then you can use this knowledge here, like:
```suggestion
target_sources_ifdef(CONFIG_CPLUSPLUS app PRIVATE src/maincxx.cxx)
target_sources_ifndef(CONFIG_CPLUSPLUS app PRIVATE src/main.c)
```

and is more aligned with how users should enable C++ support, [CONFIG_CPLUSPLUS](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/reference/kconfig/CONFIG_CPLUSPLUS.html)

and then you may cleanup as proposed here: https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/pull/42686/commits/f9ac5ea65d8c9dccca4a775f49acf544f0bc21b3#r806674828

Author: Done.

# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.20.0)
find_package(Zephyr REQUIRED HINTS $ENV{ZEPHYR_BASE})
project(log_stack)

> target_sources_ifdef(CONFIG_CPLUSPLUS app PRIVATE src/maincxx.cxx)
> 
> target_sources_ifndef(CONFIG_CPLUSPLUS app PRIVATE src/main.c)

Reviewer: actually, because `maincxx.cxx` and `main.c` are identical and including the same file, so a much better approach is to request CMake to compile `main.c` using the C++ compiler, like this:
```suggestion
target_sources(app PRIVATE src/main.c)
if(CONFIG_CPLUSPLUS)
  # Feel free to add a good comment here.
  set_source_files_properties(src/main.c PROPERTIES LANGUAGE CXX)
endif()
```

and then remove `maincxx.cxx` as well as `test.inc`.
Have just a single `main.c` file.

Cleaning of other places using `test.inc` can be done in seperate PR.
